in_http: add_remote_addr (#2130)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/inputs/http.md

| `tag_key`                  | Specify the key name to overwrite a tag. If set, the tag will be overwritten by a value of the key.                                           | _none_    |
| `buffer_max_size`          | Specify the maximum buffer size in KB to receive a JSON message.                                                                              | `4M`      |
| `buffer_chunk_size`        | This sets the chunk size for incoming JSON messages. These chunks are then stored and managed in the space available by `buffer_max_size`.    | `512K`    |
| `successful_response_code` | Allows setting successful response code. Supported values: `200`, `201`, and `204`                                                            | `201`     |
| `success_header`           | Add an HTTP header key/value pair on success. Multiple headers can be set. For example, `X-Custom custom-answer`                              | _none_    |
| `threaded`                 | Indicates whether to run this input in its own [thread](../../administration/multithreading.md#inputs).                                       | `false`   |

> | `add_remote_addr`          | Adds a REMOTE_ADDR field to the record. The value of REMOTE_ADDR is the client's address, which is extracted from the X-Forwarded-For header. | `false`   |

Author: Thank you for reviewing my proposed change, I like the suggestions and will add them shortly.

curl -d '{"key1":"value1","key2":"value2"}' -XPOST -H "content-type: application/json" http://localhost:8888/app.log
```

### Add remote addr

> Adds a REMOTE_ADDR field to the records. The value of REMOTE_ADDR is the client's address, which is extracted from the X-Forwarded-For header.

Author: add_remote_addr is technically a configuration option, not a field itself, but when activated (when set to true) it will result in a field (REMOTE_ADDR) being added to each event/record. So perhaps:

```
This option, when activated, adds a `REMOTE_ADDR` field [...] (rest of the suggested change)
```

Thoughts?

In most cases, only a single X-Forwarded-For header is in the request, so the following curl would add a REMOTE_ADDR field which would be set to `host1`:

```shell
curl -d '{"key1":"value1"}' -XPOST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -H 'X-Forwarded-For: host1, host2' http://localhost:8888
```

> However, if your system sets multiple `X-Forwarded-For` headers in the request, which one is used (first, or last) will depend on the value of the `http2` config, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if your system sets multiple `X-Forwarded-For` headers in the request, the one used (first, or last)  depends on the value of the `http2` config. For example:
```

Author: implemented.

Assuming the following X-Forwarded-For headers are in the request:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```text
```

curl -d '{"key1":"value1","key2":"value2"}' -XPOST -H "content-type: application/json" http://localhost:8888/app.log
```

### Add a remote address field

The `add_remote_addr` configuration parameter, when activated, adds a `REMOTE_ADDR` field to the records. The value of `REMOTE_ADDR` is the client's address, which is extracted from the `X-Forwarded-For` header.

In most cases, only a single `X-Forwarded-For` header is in the request, so the following curl would add a `REMOTE_ADDR` field which would be set to `host1`:

```shell
curl -d '{"key1":"value1"}' -XPOST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -H 'X-Forwarded-For: host1, host2' http://localhost:8888
```

However, if your system sets multiple `X-Forwarded-For` headers in the request, the one used (first, or last) depends on the value of the `http2` parameter. For example:

Assuming the following X-Forwarded-For headers are in the request:

```text
X-Forwarded-For: host1, host2
X-Forwarded-For: host3, host4
```

The value of `REMOTE_ADDR` will be:

| http2 parameter  | value of `REMOTE_ADDR` |
|------------------|------------------------|
| `true` (default) | host3                  |

> | `false`          | host1                  |

Author: Done in the latest forced update.

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

#### Set `add_remote_addr`

> The `add_remote_addr` configuration option allows you to activate a feature that will systematically add a REMOTE_ADDR field to events, and set its value to the client's address. The address will be extracted from the X-Forwarded-For header of the request. The format is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `add_remote_addr` configuration option lets you to activate a feature that systematically adds the `REMOTE_ADDR field` to events, and set its value to the client's address. The address will be extracted from the `X-Forwarded-For` header of the request. The format is:
```

Author: implemented.
